                                        
INSTRUCTOR MATLAB FILES,  8 Edition                                          5/19/11
        
These MATLAB m files supplement the book,   Digital and Analog Communication Systems, 8th
Edition (United States),  by  Leon  W. Couch, II, Pearson/Prentice Hall, Upper Saddle River, NJ,
2011.
        
This  directory (or folder) contains MATLAB   (trademark of The Mathworks, Inc.)  m files for
most examples and for selected figures,  tables, study-aid examples, and homework problems
(those marked with  a computer symbol). To  run these MATLAB  *.m  files, a copy of the
student or professional version of MATLAB (version 7 or higher)  is needed. For example, to plot
the results of  Example 1-1,  run the MATLAB file   Example1_01.m. See Appendix C at the end
of the book for instructions for running these m files.  All of these MATLAB files must be kept in
the same directory since some of these files run functions that are defined in other files. 

These *.m files were written by Leon W. Couch, II, with some of them based on original files
written by Ronald Forrest Smith.

The Instructor MATLAB M Files, 8 Ed, zip file and the Instructor Solutions Manual may be 
downloaded from the Instructor Section of the Pearson/Prentice Hall website located at 
http://portal.mypearson.com/mypearson-login.jsp

The Student MATLAB M Files, 8 Ed, may be  downloaded from the Internet Web Sites
maintained by the author located at

http://lcouch.us   
 or
http://www.couch.ece.ufl.edu

The Student MATLAB M Files, 8 Ed, include files for selected examples, figures, tables, and
study-aid examples   identical to the files for the Instructor, MATLAB M Files, 8 Ed.
However, the Student MATLAB M Files, 8 Ed, do not contain all the MATLAB homework-
solution files that are included in the Instructor edition. The students files for the computer-
solution homework problems are included only if the homework problems are marked with a  .

The author welcomes comments, suggestions, and/or  contributions of  *.m files that might be
included with the future editions of the book. Please email these to couch@ufl.edu or mail to:
        
                  Dr. Leon Couch, Professor Emeritus             Phone:  352-376-0108
                  Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering   E-mail: couch@ufl.edu
                  University of Florida
                  4057 N.W. 37 Terrace
                  Gainesville, FL  32606